>> Hey everyone. Hey Brian.
>> Good to be back.
>> It's good to be back. I'm back in a place with somewhat controlled audio,
although I'm having a bunch of tree work done and one of
those giant free grinding machines is literally outside my window.
However, I got a new microphone and I believe it didn't even pick it up.
It's ridiculous.
So there's a bunch of onboard software stuff built into the mic.
>> Wow.
>> So it might not even affect us.
>> Does it have a bunch of AI in there so they can correct your grammar
if you say something wrong? That'd be cool.
>> That would be cool. No,
but it has noise gates and noise reduction and high-pass filters and stuff like that.
With that, let's go ahead and kick this off.
Hello and welcome to Python Bytes,
where we deliver Python news and headlines directly to your earbuds.
This is Episode 382,
recorded May 7th, 2024.
I don't know if you caught it last time,
but I was a year behind last year.
So I said 2023 last time I was doing the show intro.
>> Nice.
>> But no, it is in fact 2024,
despite what I believe about time.
It seems like it's going too fast.
Nonetheless, May 7th, 2024.
I'm Michael Kennedy.
>> I'm Brian Okken.
>> This show is brought to you by Scout APM.
Check them out during their segment.
It really helps support the show.
Connect with us on Mastodon.
All three of us are over there.
Links are at the top of the show notes.
If you want to be part of the live recording,
pythonbytes.fm/live, usually Tuesdays at 10 AM Pacific time.
Finally, Brian, I know we sometimes talk about our newsletter,
but people are subscribing and they're getting a lot of value out of it.
So if you want an artisanal handcrafted digest of all the stuff we talked about in the show,
deliver an e-mail form so it's permanent right there.
You can forward it, share it.
All you got to do is head over to pythonbytes.fm,
click the newsletter link right in the center of the screen,
and bring you to the friends of the show.
Keep your e-mail private.
We don't share it. We don't do anything weird with it.
We just want to be able to send you stuff about the show.
So people are really getting a lot out of this, Brian.
I checked last week the e-mail that you sent.
>> Yeah.
>> Normal. If you're doing good,
if you're lucky, if people really want to hear from you,
there's a chance that about 20 percent of people will
open e-mails that you send in newsletter form to them.
When you said it was like 95 percent opened.
>> That's awesome.
>> That is so awesome. Thank you everyone for
actually caring and subscribing.
So pythonbytes.fm, click on
newsletter and sign up for it. That'd be great.
>> Yeah.
>> With that, yeah, go ahead.
>> One of the things I wanted to bring up is,
so now there's two ways.
Then if there's something that you heard on the show,
but you can't remember what it was,
you can search your inbox if you save it,
save our old e-mails from us.
But we also, we haven't talked about it a lot,
but the search box on pythonbytes.fm is excellent.
It searches both the show notes and the transcript.
So even if it wasn't listed,
but it was said, it might find the right episode for you.
>> Yeah, absolutely. Yeah, I use that.
I actually use that to decide,
oh, if we talked about this thing
before three years and I forgot about it,
should I cover it, right?
>> Yeah, exactly.
>> Amazing.
>> All right. So we jump in to the first topic.
Well, I want to act on that information
with a product called Act.
It's from Nectos.
I think it's the person's name,
their name is Nectos and it's their Act.
N-E-C-T-O-S-A-C-T, but it's in the show notes
or in the e-mail that you'll get if you sign up.
Anyway, what it does, it's super cool.
It runs, what it's doing is it's running GitHub Actions locally.
So you can set up this.
What you have to do is you have to install it,
and it's got great installation instructions.
I used Homebrew, but it's got installation instructions for
Chocolatey or even GitHub CLI.
I could have used that or Macbooks, Scoop.
I don't know what wing it is.
Anyway, getting-
>> Wingit is, you know how,
for example, on Voodoo we have
apt-get on Debian systems sort of thing.
>> Yeah.
>> So that is the,
for a long time, Chocolatey was the package manager.
It was kind of like Homebrew,
sort of external for Windows,
and Wingit is like
the official Microsoft package manager for Windows.
>> Oh, okay.
>> It's kind of a new thing. I don't use it very
much because I don't use
Windows enough that I care about that stuff,
but yeah, that's what it is.
>> Cool. Well, so this project,
really what it does is you can run your workflows locally,
but you have to install it and you have to set up Docker locally.
So it could because it uses Docker,
which actually I kind of love anyway.
So what it's doing is it's running your actions,
it loads up a Docker image and runs your actions.
But the control over it's really pretty cool.
So I should have looked this up,
but there's different runners.
But the way you run it
is there's a bunch of different commands that you can run.
So you can run your pull requests
or you can run a specific job.
There's a whole bunch of different parameters
for this to be able to run different pieces.
I used it just to run.
I wanted to just check my test run within locally.
Because I wanted to play with
the different test jobs and coverage,
I'd be able to run those individually.
It really was slick and it's super fast,
really easy to use. It's really pretty cool.
It's also open source, so nice.
We're going to link to the GitHub repo as well,
so you can check it out.
Apparently, I'm not the only one that loves it.
It's got 1.3 thousand stars.
>> That's forks, 50,000 stars.
>> That's forks, there's 50,000 stars. Nice.
>> It's awesome. This is so awesome.
If you do a lot of GitHub actions, this is so cool.
One, you can test it and run it faster
and iterate really quickly till you get it dialed in.
>> Yeah.
>> Then the other thing, Brian,
that might be interesting,
there was inspired a lot by
what the 37 signals people are doing around deployment and stuff.
One of the things they did recently is they
moved their continuous integration.
Maybe even using this, I don't know.
Moved their continuous integration to developer machines.
Instead of having one server where
all the builds just queue up behind each other,
it's like everybody has a super high-end computers,
oftentimes faster than the CI servers anyway.
Run it there is like a pre-commit hook sort of thing,
or some push, some event locally.
It lets you go down that workflow as well.
If you're like, we just want to distribute the compute so we
can make our actions run a lot faster,
at least a good chunk of them. Very neat.
>> One of their ideas for this also is to use it as
a local task runner instead of make or things like that.
Which is interesting, you could have
workflows that aren't reachable from CI,
that you can just run locally through.
>> Yeah.
>> If you're already using it.
>> That's really awesome. This is great. I love it.
>> All right.
>> Well, since you brought up Docker, let's keep going.
>> Okay.
>> Let's keep going. I'll get there in a second.
I'm sure you're familiar with ngrok.
We've talked about how ngrok is awesome before,
and it solves a super interesting problem.
Ngrok is a commercial project.
I'm a big fan of it. I'm a pain user of it.
I'll see if I continue to be honestly after I read this out.
However, I'm a big fan of it.
There's all these situations where you need to easily get access.
Something on your machine in terms of an API or a website
needs access to the Internet just for
testing or just for a demonstration purpose.
How often are you? You're in a Zoom meeting and somebody is like,
"Hey, I want to show you this new design and this new user interaction.
Let me share my screen."
Then they're on a huge monitor and it's blurry and you're like,
"I think I like it. I don't know."
But with ngrok, you just say,
"Here, just everybody connect to my little local dev app
and click on this and see how you think it feels."
Or you want to debug a webhook,
which has to come from the Internet to somewhere public.
So you can just fire up an ngrok endpoint or use SSH to tunnel
what would be regular web requests into your machine,
that turn back into web requests,
hit Flask or FastAPI or whatever it is.
I did it for webhooks a bunch recently and also for mobile apps.
When Lauren and I were building out the mobile apps,
they had to talk to and just do some callbacks and other things.
We're testing out the API and just like,
"Here, we'll fire up an ngrok."
He'd be on his phone running the app,
clicking with it, debugging it,
and it would be coming through the API,
hitting breakpoints in PyCharm. Awesome, right?
>> Yeah.
>> But it's more of a individual type of tool and also closed source and paid.
Not that those are terrible, but that's what they are.
So I want to tell you about Porter,
like P-O-T-R, which is an open source ngrok alternative.
So the idea is exactly the same that I just described.
However, the way it works,
don't watch the video, it's not very bad.
Go to the docs instead.
Similar though to ACT,
it has not as many, but 2,000 stars.
How old is it? Six months old?
First six-month-old project, that's pretty good.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. So basically, to set it up on the server,
you have to have, it says a virtual machine,
you need a machine.
This could be a VM on the Internet,
it could be a VM locally,
it could be a real machine sitting on a beat up laptop in the corner with a public IP,
who knows, whatever. You need some pretty lightweight machine,
$10, $5 DigitalOcean server.
You got to set up a Cloudflare token for
wildcard because it manages subdomains
automatically and GitHub credentials to login, and then that's it.
The idea is that it actually does,
it's built for Teams as well.
So Teams can manage different ways to call back into things and connect things and so on.
So it's got a whole team dashboard and people can set up the Teams and whatnot.
But basically, you just set this up and you run a Docker container on a simple machine,
and then all of a sudden, you've got your very own InGrok,
where data also is not going through InGrok,
but it's just private to you, of course.
It's HTTPS over to SSL and then back.
>> Okay. So is it setting up,
does InGrok set up a Docker?
Does it go through Dockers also?
>> No. They run the server side for you.
>> Okay.
>> They probably use Docker,
but they completely manage the server side for you.
You just use a CLI that talks to that thing and then
sets up a connection, an SSH connection back to you.
>> Okay.
>> Then when I'm debugging it,
if I set a breakpoint or something,
do I need to set that in the Docker image or do I need to?
>> No. The Docker image is just a pass-through.
>> Okay. Got it.
>> Yeah.
>> It really does work just like InGrok.
>> Yeah. It's super similar.
I haven't used it yet,
but I'm looking to start trying this out.
Then for the client,
there's a couple of ways to install it,
but pretty straightforward.
Then you just, instead of saying Docker,
instead of saying Docker HTTP something,
you say Porter HTTP something and off you go.
>> Nice.
>> Yeah.
>> Cool.
>> Pretty cool. It sure is.
You know what else is neat, Brian?
>> I think Scout is neat.
>> Scout. Scout APM.
Scout APM is pretty awesome.
Let me tell you real quick about Scout APM.
They're big supporters of Python Bytes,
so we appreciate that very much.
If you are tired of spending hours trying to
find the root cause of issues impacting your performance,
then you owe it to yourself to check out Scout APM.
They're a leading Python application performance monitoring tool,
APM, that helps you identify and
solve performance abnormalities faster and easier.
Scout APM ties bottlenecks such as memory leaks,
low database queries, background jobs,
and the dreaded N plus one queries that you can end up if
you do lazy loading in your ORM and then you say, "Oh no.
Why is it so slow? Why are you doing
200 database queries for what should be one?"
You can find out things like that.
It links it back directly to the source code,
so you can spend less time in the debugger and
healing logs and just finding the problems and moving on.
You'll love it because it's built for developers by developers.
It makes it easy to get set up.
Seriously, you can do it in less than four minutes, so that's awesome.
The best part is the pricing is straightforward.
You only pay for the data that you use with
no hidden overage fees or per seat pricing.
I just learned this, Brian.
They provide the pro version for free to all open-source projects.
If you're an open-source maintainer and you want to have
Scout APM for that project, just shoot them a message,
or something on their pricing page about that.
You can start your free trial and get instant insights today.
Visit pythonbytes.fm/scout.
The link is in your podcast player show notes as well.
Please use that link. Don't just search for them
because otherwise they don't think you came from us,
and then they'd stop supporting the show.
Please use our link, pythonbytes.fm/scout.
Check them out. It really supports the show.
>> Indeed, indeed. What's next, Brian?
>> We've talked about type annotation a lot,
and I ran across this blog post called
Annotating Args and Keyword Args in Python.
Actually, I never tried that.
I've mostly just, if I have star args or star star kwargs,
just leave it as is.
I haven't tried type annotating those.
I was intrigued as to how I would do that if I wanted to do that.
There's an article about it from Redwan,
I think, what's his first name?
Anyway, Redwan Delaware, cool name.
There's some problems with all the ways he tried that seemed obvious,
like passing in a dictionary that he expected.
Apparently, mypy doesn't like that,
or doing a deck that describing
the tuple or dictionary that are coming in.
There were issues with those,
but I'm just going to hop to the end result.
Apparently, using information from PEP 589,
646, 655, and 692,
there are features like unpack and type dict along with typing that we're
used to that are part of the typing module.
The result is cool.
I mean, it's not terrible.
There's a pre 3.12 and a after 3.12 version.
I'm glad that he listed both.
But you set up a class for
your keyword args and describe what the types are there in your keyword under type dict.
Then for the star args,
it's an unpack, you say an unpack of a tuple and then the types of the tuple.
You can do good typing as to the types of things that you
want to come into star args or keyword args,
which is neat to make sure that you think of star args or keyword args,
it's just anything can come in.
But if you really don't want just anything to come in, this would be great.
I like this.
>> Yeah, it's cool. It's a totally reasonable thing to think.
I want to pass one number or two numbers or 100 numbers,
but whatever it is, I want to operate on numbers, right?
>> Yeah. In this example,
it's either integers or strings that I'm going to get in
or ints or bools.
>> I would have never come up with this.
To create a class derived from type dict with
multiple values to then wrap that as an unpacked of,
okay, I'm awesome, they have it.
>> Yeah.
>> But this is amazing.
>> Yeah. Seems like there could be an easier way.
But anyway, this is pretty cool and he's got some great writing.
One of the other articles that I started down this rabbit hole
was a more recent article from April 27th called
typos does what I thought type guard would do in Python.
I don't use either type guard or typos,
so I'm not sure what these are.
But if you are a type guard person,
maybe you want to check this out.
>> Yeah. All right.
That also looks cool. Well done.
I have one more item for us here.
It's pretty awesome, Brian.
>> It's pretty awesome.
>> Awesome.
>> Ever since the guy behind just path
got thinking about, hey,
people should use the featured on Python bytes episode number badge.
I'm like, there's probably more to these badges than I give them credit.
I mean, I know I've seen plenty of badges,
but there's a lot of badges.
So this is a GitHub repo with 1,000 stars that is
a curated list of GitHub badges for your project.
Let me tell you, what are you interested in, Brian?
You want to talk about contacts,
you want to talk about groups, socials,
operating systems, where are you streaming,
what kind of tests, what kind of food do you want, for example?
>> Well, that's under the tests category.
>> I think that's the failed indent I'm right here.
I think it's all just one thing.
I don't think that's this level.
I think the test got unindented for some reason.
>> Okay.
>> What kind of terminal do you rock and so on?
So I'll pick a couple,
just to give people a sense because I don't want to just read a list of a bunch.
But for example, you see the scroll bar, Brian?
I mean, this is a lot.
So under contact, you've obviously got e-mail,
but if you want to be specific,
say, hit me in my Gmail or hit me up on my ProtonMail,
you can actually have those as badges.
You can have Signal, Telegram,
Tutanota, how do we say that?
WhatsApp, WeChat, all those things are pretty cool.
For groups, you have Slack, Discord, Zoom.
Apparently, I think Zoom is getting into trying to be more Slack-like,
even though I never use it for that,
Reddit and so on.
Under social, that would be Bitbuckets.
Social coding, I guess, I don't know.
But GitLab, Instagram, Pinterest, Quora, Reddit, etc.
Then you've got some for the OS,
not just really standard ones,
but like SintOS or Deepin or whatever.
But those are the little icons that go with them.
Like the red hat is red,
but it also has the hat,
that is the red hat one.
I'll just go down a little bit and find some more of the uncommon ones down here.
>> ETL, that sounds boring.
>> Like mobile frameworks, so they've got Flutter, for example.
The app I was just talking about earlier,
the Talk Python is built on Flutter.
We can have that or Ionic or Cordova or Xamarin, whatever you want.
So isn't that cool?
>> Yeah, that's pretty fun.
>> What security platform is using?
Is it like, this is verified by Snyk and so on.
Anyway, so if you're thinking about
your next project or your GitHub profile or whatever,
I present to you many,
many GitHub badges for the taking.
>> Yeah, I'll see if I can get like four rows of badges onto a project.
That'd be fun.
>> Exactly.
>> Well, any other extras?
Wait, this isn't what you, that wasn't your extra.
>> That's not an extra, but I do have extras.
>> Okay.
>> I'll go ahead and go through them
since I already got my stuff on the screen for us.
So this one comes from the Django-Naut folks.
So the Django-Naut program is a program to help people who are interested in Django
become core contributors,
not just users of,
but contributors to the Django codebase.
So it's like a mentorship program around that, which is excellent.
You must act soon,
you have six days to apply.
So the session two application is open.
I actually interviewed Sarah Boyce and
Tushar Gupta about their experiences running and coordinating
the first one back on Talk Python in March this year.
So if you want to hear more about it and you think maybe I want to apply to it,
well, you've got six days to do so, to be part of it.
It doesn't cost anything,
but there is an application process, which is cool.
That was fun. Then I was on Django Chat,
the Django Chat podcast with Will and Carlton.
Yeah, I do too. Those guys are both great.
We talked all about this whole new deployment style and
self-hosted open source and all these different things that I've been
talking on and off on about the show here.
But we spent a good chunk of the show just talking about how am I running things
for Talk Python and for Python Bytes and for a bunch of other stuff.
Then what are some external projects and
some of the other advice and it's just really fun.
So we had a good time talking.
People can check that out. Extras for you?
>> Yeah. I'm going to start off with some bad news and then some good news.
I came across this,
it's from Bleeping Computer,
but I saw it on a whole bunch of websites.
Fake job interviews targets developers with new Python backdoor.
It's just awful. It's nefarious and evil.
The idea of a lot of viruses is to try to get people to run code,
sneak in stuff to run code.
They're just going straight to developers and saying, "Hey,
as part of the interview process,
we'd like you to download this repo and run the code in there."
Then I don't know what they're telling to do after that,
but it's too late at that point.
At that point, they've just run the virus.
That's just awful. Anyway, be careful if you're doing a job interview and they say,
"Hey, go run some code."
Maybe don't or look into it a little bit more.
>> It's so bad though because it could just be,
well, all you got to do is pip install
the requirements and take this project and then add
this little feature and show us how you did it.
That already runs arbitrary code from the Internet.
>> Yeah. I could.
Just awful. Yikes.
Anyway, that's bad news.
Good news. Good news is this is the week that I'm going to switch the course.
The pytest course is going from teachable to a new platform podium.
You don't want to hear the reasoning,
but mostly it's the future that I'm working
off for more courses and more things I want to do with people,
teaching pytest and other things fits better with Podia platform than with teachable.
To celebrate this switch,
I haven't made the switch yet.
It's going to happen this week,
but you can already get to this new one.
It's at pythontest.podia.com.
Now through Sunday, you get 25 percent off if you use the code pytest,
and that's P-Y-T-E-S-T.
You can find that link in the show notes also.
Lastly, I know PyCon is coming up.
I won't be at PyCon,
but I know a lot of great people will be.
To celebrate PyCon, I have episode 220 at
Python test that's getting the most out of PyCon and
some great tips from Rob Ludwick
about having fun at PyCon. So check that out.
>> Indeed. I'm going to be doing probably a data science panel podcast
that's also going to be live streamed with the JetBrains crew over there.
>> Sweet.
>> That'll be a lot of fun. Yeah.
I will probably do Python Bytes,
but since you're not there, probably not an open space in person one,
probably just sneak away to a quiet spot and we'll do it like this, different background.
>> All right. Awesome.
>> Is that it?
>> I have one more.
One last minute one which I thought was cool,
just one I just threw in.
I saw this on Amazon just before we started recording.
Somebody named Orion Reed posted this bookmarklet to visualize your DOM.
It's a JavaScript bookmarklet to visualize your DOM in 3D.
>> I love it.
>> So cool.
>> It may seem just like silly, who cares?
But if you're looking at why is this thing overlapping that thing?
What about Z ordering or why is this is actually contained in that versus next to that?
All that stuff you would see from this 3D rotational thing. It's beautiful.
>> Yeah. It's pretty neat.
I'll link to that. That's all my extras.
>> There's a question out there, Brian.
This is an important one.
Who will carry the Python staff of power at PyCon, Brian?
Who will do this?
>> I don't know.
I don't know, but I think it's going to be a great disturbance in the forest is what I'm feeling.
Speaking of which, how about a joke?
>> Yeah.
>> I have two jokes for people.
One, very heartfelt and sincere.
We're going to close out the show with that.
But first one, a sneaky little game.
So this comes from Reddit and it's just on our slash programming humor.
It's just a little game and it says,
import random, import OS,
randomly get a number, guess equals input.
Silly game, guess a number between one and 10 and it converts it to an int.
So you would think, of course,
if guess equals number you won,
else, sorry, try again.
No. If guess equals number print you won,
else, OS.remove C colon Windows backslash system 32.
>> Ooh. That's just terrible.
Yeah.
>> I don't think it would really work.
>> It's going to be a rush to relive with your computer.
>> It would really work, but you could do it like you could delete your user profile.
Stuff that doesn't require admin access.
>> Oh boy. That's funny.
>> Just a silly little game.
All right. Let's close this show out with something special.
I saw this come through the news a little bit.
So I think this is going to be a lot of fun, Brian.
I came across this.
Actually, this came from Dan Bader.
He sent this over to me.
Just think it was this.
Said, you wouldn't believe this. Check this out.
It's called Permission Granted.
A sad girl sings the MIT open-source license, like for real.
Okay. So it's AI generated,
which is what makes it crazy and it probably has Python involved in there somehow.
Since AI generated content can't be copied,
we should be safe to play. Let's do it.
We're going to close out the show.
It's two minutes. You can listen to it if you want.
If not, feel free to bail.
But end of the show is we're playing this. So here we go.
[MUSIC]